g'day welcome to the simple cooking
Channel today I'm going to show you how
I make a vegan mug cake this is really
really yummy and one of my all-time
favorites
so let's go
get a mug one that holds at least 250 to
300 mils put in four tablespoons of
plain flour or all-purpose plain flour 3
tablespoons of sugar 2 tablespoons of
cocoa for this I'm using dark cocoa if
you can't find dark just regulars fine a
quarter of a teaspoon of cinnamon sugar
1 teaspoon of vanilla essence and 2
tablespoons of oil I'm using canola oil
and finally 3 tablespoons of water
help me mix this all together now if you
wish to also add some chocolate
chocolate chips or anything be my guest
pop this in the microwave for about 60
seconds now depending on the strength
the power wattage of your microwave you
may need to put it in a bit more but I
find for my microwave which I think's
about 800 watts 60 seconds or so is just
about right that's ready look how moist
and luscious and that is oh well I hope
you like this so yummy so moist
whoo that's really yummy it's just
really hot mmm look how yummy it is oh
I'll see you next time for my next meal